# Tic-tac-toe-with-basic-AI-gui-ver


As i mentioned in my other Tic-tac-toe with basic AI, this code is writen on top of that code.

Game description 
The object of Tic Tac Toe is to get three in a row. You play on a three by three game board. The first player is known as X and the second is O. Players alternate placing Xs and Os on the game board until either oppent has three in a row or all nine squares are filled. X always goes first, and in the event that no one has three in a row, the stalemate is called a cat game.

to write this code i used list as a board to keep a track of user and computer moves, code have a check-function which contains all 8 possible combinations to win and by each move program checks the positions and if any of combinations happens on the board check-win function returns True and game will stop. and i used counter to count the moves so i dont have to write a function for draw positions! it means by end of the 9 moves if no winner comes out of the game then game would be draw by default. normally in this code we use whileloop but i wanted to try using separated fucnctions to call eachother, and because this game wont last long then fuction calls wont raise maximum function dept error. and a bout implementing some kind a "AI" with my very limited knowledge on the subject, i cameup with the idea that, if we can write a check win fucntion which can check for win combinations, then i can write a fucntion which can check pre win combinations to some depts and perform certain actions. for example as a first move i wrote simple condition that checks if the center is free then it should capture it, if not menas that option is not available anymore and computer need to check the corners, so by this logic i tried to create a tree of choices. and in some points in the game that any move cant change the outcome of the game, i let the computer use random moves to mark available spot. one mistake that i think i had in my code was using global variables, which i have to avoid using it.

Beside the logic of the game, i was able to write a gui using turtle module for this game, turtle module is part of the standard python library and surprisingly is very powerful, and unfortunatly most of the programmers are under stamet it.
i have more Gamse written with turtle module, and one reason is i wanna show the potential of it, another reason i find it very convincing and usefull for self learning, to understand different concepts of programming, if its game developing or algorithm or AI or even in my own case, i used it to have better understanding of Classes and oop concept.  
